Changes -- list of user visible changes			-*- outline -*-

* Babble 0.05 -- 2004-04-03

** Improved limiting support

A different kind of limiting support was made accessible to the
Template Toolkit based templates: limiting by age. Items older than
a specified value will not be handled by the template.

** Improved caching

Babble is now able to cache parsed data (disabled by default,
though), which results in significantly faster processing, but
increases memory usage too.

Also, the Babble::Cache module can store the cache contents in
different formats now. The single new format is Storable, which is
not human readable, but much faster than Data::Dumper.

** Callback support while collecting feeds

It is now possible to run callback routines whenever a source is
about to collected and when collection ended. This gives one a way to
print status messages or the like.

** New, DBI based datasource

A new datasource module, Babble::DataSource::DBI was added to the
distribution. It can be used to collect feed data from any kind of
database DBI might have support for.

** New, Mail based datasource

A new datasource module, Babble::DataSource::Mail was added to the
distribution. It can be used to collect feed data from, say,
mailboxes. One can use this for setting up a system where mail
intended for blogging is saved in a separate mailbox, and this module
is used for processing it.

** Improved test suite

Many new tests were added to the test suite, to achieve even higher
codepath coverage (still not enough, but we're getting there).

** Example bin/babble frontend enhancements

The example `bin/babble' frontend was extended to understand
parameters that should be eval-ed before usage (these are prefixed
with a `&'), and to be able to read the configuration file from its
standard input.

* Babble 0.04 -- 2004-03-28

** Caching support

Modified Babble::Transport and added a Babble::cache method to
Babble::Utils for optional feed and item caching. This is a much more
efficient way than the datecache processor was. It can also save
considerable bandwidth.

** Limiting support

Implemented support for limiting the number of elements returned by
Babble::Document::Collection's search() and sort() methods.

** Improved test suite

The test suite received an additional file: t/pod.t, to test the
documentation for syntax correctness.

** Improved filtering support

One can now specify a custom comparsion function to be used for
filtering, searching. This makes one able to limit the items in an
aggregation to, say, items only a week old or younger.

* Babble 0.03 -- 2004-03-14

** Some internal restructuring.

Implemented a Babble::Transport module, for transparent location
access (currently only used by Babble::DataSource::RSS and
Babble::DataSource::OPML).

** Theme updates and modifications.

The FOAF and OPML formats from planet_ttk were moved to a separate
XML theme, planet_ttk got renamed to planet_grey and received some
layout updates.

** New and improved example script

There is a new and improved example script, that can be used to set
up Babbles with only minimal configuration and no coding. It does not
support all the bells and whistles of Babble, though.

** New, OPML data source

A new DataSource module, Babble::DataSource::OPML was added to the
distribution. It can parse OPML documents, and collect the RSS feeds
mentioned therein.

* Babble 0.02 -- 2004-03-09

** Lots of documentation updates.

Documentation was cleared up in many places, and was generally made
better.

** Internal restructuring.

The internal structure of objects was greatly simplified, resulting
in less memory usage and faster operation. Not to mention easier
maintainance.

** Date parsing fixes

The Babble::DataSource modules often failed to parse the dates they
encountered, this was fixed.

** New output method and theme

There is a new output method, Babble::Output::TTk, which uses the
Template Toolkit, and is the preferred output method as of now.

There is a highly customisable theme based on it,
Babble::Theme::planet_ttk. This one provides not only a HTML
template, but FOAF and OPML templates too.

** Test suite

The beginnings of a test suite is included with this release.

* Babble 0.01 -- 2004-03-07

Initial release.

# arch-tag: 6c29c03c-d34a-45ec-8078-1dd14c178b5d
